Align status descriptions for all client documentation. (#151)
alphagov/notifications-net-client: DOCUMENTATION.md

## Get message status

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

You can only get the status of messages sent within the retention period. The default retention period is 7 days.
```

### Get the status of one message

> You can only get the status of messages that are 7 days old or newer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can only get the status of messages sent within the retention period. The default retention period is 7 days.
```
